Remove en-us from URLs (#12452)
dotnet/docs: docs/fsharp/get-started/get-started-vscode.md

To begin, ensure that you have [F# and the Ionide plugin correctly installed](install-fsharp.md#install-f-with-visual-studio-code).

> [!NOTE]

> > Ionide will generate .NET Framework F# projects, not dotnet core, which can have cross-platform compatibility issues. If you are running on **Linux** or **OSX**, a simpler way to get started is to use the [command line tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/fsharp/get-started/get-started-command-line).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Ionide will generate .NET Framework F# projects, not dotnet core, which can have cross-platform compatibility issues. If you are running on **Linux** or **OSX**, a simpler way to get started is to use the [command-line tools](get-started-command-line.md).
```
